### Files for processing data from the plagiarism dataset and interacting with MOSS to generate similarity

mosspylocal<br>
[mosscompare.py](./mosscompare.py) - This file executes a comparison between all the files in a directory against the MOSS serivce hosted at Stanford, and downloads the results in the HTML files that details all the comparisons, the percent similarities between the two files and the lines that are similar. This information is stored in an output directory. This file is then post processed to generate our dataset.<br>
[mossum.py](./mossum.py) - This file is a copy of an opensource tool for processing MOSS output - kept here as a convenience. <br> 
[parse.py](./parse.py) - This file has code for  parsingC files. Currently not used - went with ANTLR<br>
[plag1.tar](./plag1.tar) <br> 
[plag1.zip](./plag1.zip) <br>
[processhomework.py](./[processhomework.py) - This file processes the plagiarized homework dataset to produce a dataset that generates a random ordering of file comparisons and details the comparisons that are plagiarized. This is an alternate dataset to the one generated by mosscompare.py and is secondary.  <br>
[processmoss.py](./processmoss.py) - Example file for processing MOSS comparisons.<br>
[readurl.py](./readurl.py) This file reads MOSS generated html files and produces training and test csv files and an alldata.csv file that allows us to see data about all the comparisons. <br>
[runmoss.py](./runmoss.py) - Example file for running moss comparisons. <br>
[samples.json](./samples.json) - File that details all the direcories to use for comparison in mosscompare.py <br>
[test.csv](./test.csv)  <br>
[test2.csv](./test2.csv)  <br> 
[train.csv](./train.csv)  <br>
[train2.csv](./train2.csv)  <br>
